Add build-your-own UI documentation (#6424)
edgedb/edgedb: docs/guides/auth/oauth.rst

            break;
          }

          default: {
            res.writeHead(404);
            res.end("Not found");
            break;
          }
        }
      });

      /**
       * Redirects OAuth requests to EdgeDB Auth OAuth authorize redirect
       * with the PKCE challenge, and saves PKCE verifier in an HttpOnly
       * cookie for later retrieval.
       *
       * @param {Request} req
       * @param {Response} res
       */
      const handleAuthorize = async (req, res) => {
        const requestUrl = getRequestUrl(req);
        const provider = requestUrl.searchParams.get("provider");

        if (!provider) {
          res.status = 400;
          res.end("Must provider a 'provider' value in search parameters");
          return;
        }

        const pkce = generatePKCE();
        const redirectUrl = new URL("authorize", EDGEDB_AUTH_BASE_URL);
        redirectUrl.searchParams.set("provider", provider);
        redirectUrl.searchParams.set("challenge", pkce.challenge);
        redirectUrl.searchParams.set(
          "redirect_to",
          `http://localhost:${SERVER_PORT}/auth/callback`,
        );

        res.writeHead(302, {

>           "Set-Cookie": `edgedb-pkce-verifier=${pkce.verifier}; HttpOnly; Path=/; Secure; SameSite=Strict`,

Reviewer: This line is too long.

Reviewer: Oh, you are disabling the linter... Strange

      OAuth provider responded with error: ${error}`,
            );
            return;
         }

         const cookies = req.headers.cookie?.split("; ");
         const verifier = cookies
            ?.find((cookie) => cookie.startsWith("edgedb-pkce-verifier="))
            ?.split("=")[1];
         if (!verifier) {
            res.status = 400;
            res.end(
               `Could not find 'verifier' in the cookie store. Is this the \
      same user agent/browser that started the authorization flow?`,
            );
            return;
         }

         const codeExchangeUrl = new URL("token", EDGEDB_AUTH_BASE_URL);
         codeExchangeUrl.searchParams.set("code", code);
         codeExchangeUrl.searchParams.set("verifier", verifier);
         const codeExchangeResponse = await fetch(codeExchangeUrl.href, {
            method: "GET",
         });

         if (!codeExchangeResponse.ok) {
            const text = await codeExchangeResponse.text();
            res.status = 400;
            res.end(`Error from the auth server: ${text}`);
            return;
         }

         const { auth_token } = await codeExchangeResponse.json();
         res.writeHead(204, {

>             "Set-Cookie": `edgedb-auth-token=${auth_token}; HttpOnly; Path=/; Secure; SameSite=Strict`,

Reviewer: This line is too long.

Author: Yeah, I mean I can _force_ this line to be the right length, but I think readability and understandability suffer by like breaking it up with a `[].join("; ")` or using escapes to remove new lines or something like that. We're also trying to avoid too many helper functions, but that's another option.

    * cookie for later retrieval.
    *
    * @param {Request} req
    * @param {Response} res
    */
   const handleAuthorize = async (req, res) => {
     const requestUrl = getRequestUrl(req);
     const provider = requestUrl.searchParams.get("provider");

     if (!provider) {
       res.status = 400;
       res.end("Must provider a 'provider' value in search parameters");
       return;
     }

     const pkce = generatePKCE();
     const redirectUrl = new URL("authorize", EDGEDB_AUTH_BASE_URL);
     redirectUrl.searchParams.set("provider", provider);
     redirectUrl.searchParams.set("challenge", pkce.challenge);
     redirectUrl.searchParams.set(
       "redirect_to",
       `http://localhost:${SERVER_PORT}/auth/callback`,
     );

     res.writeHead(302, {
       "Set-Cookie": `edgedb-pkce-verifier=${pkce.verifier}; HttpOnly; Path=/; Secure; SameSite=Strict`,
       Location: redirectUrl.href,
     });
     res.end();
   };

.. lint-on

Retrieve ``auth_token``
-----------------------

At the very end of the flow, the EdgeDB server will redirect the user's browser
to the ``redirect_to`` address with a single query parameter: ``code``. This

> route should be a server route that has access to the ``verifier``. You then
> take that ``code`` and the ``verifier`` you stored in step 1, and make a
> request to the EdgeDB Auth extension to exchange these two pieces of data for
> an ``auth_token``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
route should be a server route that has access to the ``verifier``. You then
take that ``code`` and look up the ``verifier`` in the ``edgedb-pkce-verifier``
cookie, and make a request to the EdgeDB Auth extension to exchange these two
pieces of data for an ``auth_token``.
```
